through the dancers I have learned
one day and it is to see that the beings with
I worked
were you
they had a lot of peace
although they are alive that is peace is not
calm
and that they also have a vitality
incredible that comes out through the pores or
be as if it says to feel one
I live every day and you're doing
what he loves and it's delicious to be all
the days
recognizing that
many things many nerves but many
want to go out and go out and do it
we
at the time
by elsa's address is enriched
everything the dancers propose
because she always allows a space
for them to contribute are 10 dancers
on stage that are all very different
who has different life stories
different training stories
also different contexts almost
of births to different
cities then
sbs observes that there is a wealth of
of traits that is my aesthetics
for me soon in his eyes the first
impression that I have on green about
everything I'm living
I think he's on the stage of
soon
let's say with all the experience of topics
as there is
among all as a secret now alludes to
you that we have
it is very interesting the way in which
elsa to the teacher proposes to meet
with the movement itself with the essence
she describes him as the group of the group
from each one the way in which each
person feels and transmits and shows his
rhythm
the experience has been super important
because we were able to find it
for me to find myself in the age is
find my movement find my
body has been supremely important
it has been fundamental is an experience
beautiful really is a work that has
a huge geographic wealth is a
really large project
pioneer the truth these things look very
little one looks for them in many ways
but a lot that the ministry of
culture is supporting with the plan makes
an aid that is more encouraged
creation of works the movement has been
much more fluid much more landed
much fuller it is as if it is the
movement will radiate from the center of
my body and transmitted each of
the fibers that make up my heart
throbbed
emotion was flying because it's something very
beautiful when when one starts to
say good and this is what it is
at every moment have their own life very
beautiful and long
I hope we meet in a
imprint in any space in the
world and what a delight to see us and
find us